# -CS-305-SNHU

  I worked as a developer for a software engineering company, Global Rain, that specialized in custom software design and development. The software was for entrepreneurs, businesses, and government agencies around the world. As part of the company’s mission, we believed that “Security is everyone’s responsibility.” I was promoted to work on Global Rain's new agile scrum team, where we worked with a client, Artemis Financial, a consulting company that developed individualized financial plans for their customers. The financial plans included savings, retirement, investments, and insurance. Artemis Financial wanted to modernize their operations and use the most current and effective software security for their custom software. Artemis Financial had a public web interface and sought Global Rain’s expertise about how to protect their client data and financial information. Specifically, Artemis Financial wanted us to add a file verification step to their web application to ensure secure communications. When the web application was used to transfer data, they needed a data verification step in the form of a checksum. We took their current software application and added secure communication mechanisms to meet their software security requirements. We delivered a production-quality integrated application that included secure coding protocols. 
  I specifically feel like i implemented the exception handelin my code. I made sure to keep in mind the exceptions that could be thrown in my code and ensured that it would not introduce any security flaws. I had a very hard time actually introducing the cartificate generation. There was not a whole lot of information on it that I could find. I ran into an issue because I do not have very high levels of permissions on the network that I can use. Adding the restful API introduced a huge layer of security. Maven vulnerability test will definitely be used in my future projects. To test my new vulnerabilities, I ran the maven test again and tried to enter troublsome inputs. As far as tools go, I used chatGPT to help me get my program to work on my specific network. That raises a lot of moral questions but I can attest that it works. I tend to use it as someone who only kind of knows what they are talking about. I would be interested to see what it could do in the future in terms of generating actual code. I would certainly show future employers the use of RESTful api in this project.
